README.md, before:

Aligent LiveChat Integration Bundle for OroCRM
==============================================

Facts
-----
- version: 1.0.0
- composer name: aligent/oro-livechat-bundle

Description
-----------
This bundle provides an OroCRM integration for the chat service provided by Live 
Chat Inc.  When a customer intiiates a chat, this bundle can process the 
chat_start webhook and provide Oro Contact information for the LiveChat interface.  
On chat_ended webhook we capture the chat transcript and save it to OroCRM 
associating it with the relevant contact.

Installation Instructions
-------------------------
1. Install this module via Composer

        composer require aligent/oro-livechat-bundle

1. Clear cache and run migrations
1. Set a password for the webhook via the Oro System Configuration
1. Log into your LiveChat web interface.  Go to Settings (gear icon in top right), Integrations, Webhooks., 
    1. Create a webhook for the "chat_started" event (leave all options ticked) using the following URL: <https://livechatinc:[PasswordYouSetInStep2]@[YourDomainHere]/livechatinc/webhook/chatStart>
    1. Create a webhook for the "chat_ended" event (leave all options ticked) using the following URL: <https://livechatinc:[PasswordYouSetInStep2]@[YourDomainHere]/livechatinc/webhook/chatEnd>


Support
-------
If you have any issues with this bundle, please create a [pull request](https://github.com/aligent/orocrm-livechat-bundle/pulls) with a failing test that demonstrates the problem you've found.  If you're really stuck, feel free to open [GitHub issue](https://github.com/aligent/orocrm-livechat-bundle/issues).

Contribution
------------
Any contribution is highly appreciated. The best way to contribute code is to open a [pull request on GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests).

Developer
---------
Jim O'Halloran <jim@aligent.com.au>

Licence
-------
[OSL - Open Software Licence 3.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/osl-3.0.php)

Copyright
---------
(c) 2017 Aligent Consulting

Commit message:

Add additional module description and fix composer key

README.md, after:

Aligent LiveChat Integration Bundle for OroCRM
==============================================

Facts
-----
- version: 1.1.0
- composer name: aligent/orocrm-livechat-bundle

Description
-----------
This bundle provides an OroCRM integration for the chat service provided by Live 
Chat Inc.  When a customer intiiates a chat, this bundle can process the 
chat_start webhook and provide Oro Contact information for the LiveChat interface.  
On chat_ended webhook we capture the chat transcript and save it to OroCRM 
associating it with the relevant contact.

Once installed and configured, the following changes will be visible to the end user:
* In the LiveChat interface, an Agent will see additional customer information in 
    the sidebar (with an Oro icon) when a customer with an existing OroCRM contact 
    initiates a chat.
* In OroCRM you'll see a new option "Chat Transcripts" under the "Activities" menu.
    This can be used to view past chat transcripts.
* The Activities feed for a contact will include their live chat transcripts.

If a customer without an existing contact in OroCRM initiates a live chat, the 
transcript will still be recorded in OroCRM, but a contact record will not be 
created.

Installation Instructions
-------------------------
1. Install this module via Composer

        composer require aligent/orocrm-livechat-bundle

1. Clear cache and run migrations
1. Set a password for the webhook via the Oro System Configuration
1. Log into your LiveChat web interface.  Go to Settings (gear icon in top right), Integrations, Webhooks., 
    1. Create a webhook for the "chat_started" event (leave all options ticked) using the following URL: <https://livechatinc:[PasswordYouSetInStep2]@[YourDomainHere]/livechatinc/webhook/chatStart>
    1. Create a webhook for the "chat_ended" event (leave all options ticked) using the following URL: <https://livechatinc:[PasswordYouSetInStep2]@[YourDomainHere]/livechatinc/webhook/chatEnd>


Support
-------
If you have any issues with this bundle, please create a [pull request](https://github.com/aligent/orocrm-livechat-bundle/pulls) with a failing test that demonstrates the problem you've found.  If you're really stuck, feel free to open [GitHub issue](https://github.com/aligent/orocrm-livechat-bundle/issues).

Contribution
------------
Any contribution is highly appreciated. The best way to contribute code is to open a [pull request on GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests).

Developer
---------
Jim O'Halloran <jim@aligent.com.au>

Licence
-------
[OSL - Open Software Licence 3.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/osl-3.0.php)

Copyright
---------
(c) 2017 Aligent Consulting
